# 2017-12-13

## Agenda

- 1.1.0
- regressions
- 0.13.17
- 1.x migration

### Attenddees

- Eugene Yokota @ Lightbend
- Dale Wijnand @ Lightbend
- Toni Cunei @ Lightbend

## 1.1.0

1.1.x branch is now live on most modules.
The pending bug lists were:

- `file:///` changes that Eugene found while implementing LSP integrations.
- millisec regression on macOS.
- log4j2 error message showing up.

Are we good to release RC-2?

### log4j2

Dale: Why did we start to see this? We should delay the fix till 1.1.1 or hold RC-2.
Eugene: Let's investigate before RC-2.

### Millisec

Dale: Dbuild said unit tests work.
Eugene: Millisec adds native code, but our validation does not currently run on Mac or Windows. We should add some scripted job.

### Plugins ecosystem

Plugins published under 1.0 should work without republishing under sbt 1.1.

### Windows scripting

Issue reporting cannot access JAR file.
There's double quotation mark when you invoke sbt.

### settingKey vs SettingKey

In 1.1.0-RC1, configuration needs to be capitalized,
and setting/task/attribute keys must be lower cased.

We should turn these into compile-time macro validation.

- https://github.com/xerial/sbt-pack/issues/127
- https://github.com/47deg/sbt-microsites/pull/247

## 0.13.17

- Java 9
- Interop with compiler plugin published by sbt 1

Postpone until 1.1.0 final is out.

## 1.x migration

We want to have 60 community build projects on sbt 1.

- Make a wiki page

## recent chat with Helena

"How to do X?" cookbook

- Is Pamflet linear navigation / ToC at the end of the page a part of the problem?
- We should also spend percentage of our effort recuriting more people
- Curated list of recommended plugins
- Dale: "Life cyle of build". Start with single project.

Should we recommend/mention bare styles.
