2017-08-16
==========

Agenda
------

- Sbtfix
- sbt 1.0
- General release cycle
- 1.0.x
- Specific bugs
- 1.1.x
- Plugins 
- PRs
- Continuous integration for reals (using freshly baked sbt)

### Attenddees

- Eugene Yokota @ Lightbend
- Dale Wijnand @ Lightbend
- Justin Kaeser @ JetBrains
- Martin Duhem @ Scala Center
- Olafur Geirsson @ Scala Center
- Toni Cunei @ Lightbend

Scalafix Sbt1 rewrite (formerly Sbtfix)
---------------------------------------

@olafurpg reported on Sbtfix.
Scalafix now has integration needed for sbtfix.
https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix/
scalafixBuild is able to handle sbt compilation.

    > scalafix Sbt1

Next step is to update the Sbt1 rewrite rule.

Test is regular scala file: <https://github.com/scalacenter/scalafix/blob/master/scalafix-tests/output-sbt/src/main/scala/sbtfix/SbtOneZeroMigrationTest.scala>

Community participation is welcome.

Eugene: We haven't talked about Scalafix thus far since we wanted to make sure Scala Center gets to blog about it first.
Either tweet or blog, we'll help amplify.

sbt 1.0
-------

Came out last week.
<http://developer.lightbend.com/blog/2017-08-11-sbt-1-0-0>

General release cycle
---------------------

- Feature release (1.1.0, 1.2.0, etc) at regular cycle + RC cycle.
- Hotfix release (1.0.1, 1.0.2, etc) as needed. This will be bug fix only. Without RC cycle.

We need to be conservative about the hotfix release since Debian users etc will grab apt-get automatically, similarly for Mac and Home Brew.

### Criteria for hotfix

- Impact. Something that impacts every other project, we should consider fixing it.
- Dale: consoleProject breakage for example, does NOT make it because it's been broken for a while, and not super critical.
- Dale: If we broke some plugin, and some clients can't migrate to sbt 1, that would qualify for a hotfix.

### Cherry picking vs merging

When possible, prefer merging: Branch "1.0.1" first, and re-target the pull request to the hotfix branch. 
Cherry picking will be used when we later find out that bug fixes needs to be shipped widely.

1.0.x
-----

This is going to be our hot fixes. Ship as we get important bug fixes.

- Resolver bug - sbt/sbt#3451
- Classpath bug - 0.13.16
- addSbtPlugin fix  #3393
- += for watchSource sbt/sbt#3439 
- NPE in logger. Registration of String format. - https://github.com/sbt/util/issues/119 
- Some other NPE. okhttp3.JavaNetAuthenticator.authenticate(JavaNetAuthenticator.java:37)


### WatchSource

Martin: Could Eugene clarify your comment on WatchSource PR: https://github.com/sbt/sbt/pull/3438#issuecomment-322405845

Eugene: `java.io.File` is able to express both source files and directories.
With sbt 0.13, `watchSources` means list of source files, and that's what `+=` operator did:

```scala
watchSources ++= (sourceDirectory.value ** "*.scala").get
```

It will be confusing to now overload the semantics of the operator to mean both "include this source" _and_ "watch this directory lazily". We should keep `+=` with `java.io.File` only for backward compatibility, but we should encourage the new lazy semantics using `apply(dir: File)` on `sbt.WatchSource` (alias of `sbt.internal.io.Source`).

Dale: What did `+=` do in 0.13 when you passed in a directory?
Eugene: I don't know.
Dale breaks out the editor to check the behavior. It was a no-op. (Does not watch the directory)

Dale: As for the PR is concerned, we should retarget and merge?
Eugene: Yes.

1.1.x
-----

Scheduled 6 weeks from now.

Eugene: The theme would be usability improvement like unified slash syntax and error summary. We are out of time, so let's focus on 1.0.1 this week, and talk about 1.1.0 next week.


Zinc
----

Martin: Jorge is on vacation, so PR reviews will be handled by Martin on Zinc.

Continuous Integration for reals
--------------------------------

Modules are build using 1.0.0-RC
Toni: We need to bump to 1.0.0 final for Dbuild.
