# 2017-12-20

## Agenda

- 1.1.0-RC3
- 0.13.17
- Zinc PRs
- Continuous merge/merge-checking
- 1.x migration

### Attendees

- Eugene Yokota @ Lightbend
- Dale Wijnand @ Lightbend
- Toni Cunei @ Lightbend

### 1.1.0-RC3

1.1.0-RC2 was soft-released.
Eugene has published 1.1.0-RC2 around Dec 17.
Immediately afterwards several issues were reported, so we have not made the announcement public.

- JNA conflict between sbt/sbt and IO.
- IO getModifiedTime throwing exception interfering with `~`, there might be more situation where this would be hit.

### JNA

https://github.com/sbt/sbt/pull/3824

Testing with AppVeyor Eugene discovered that `-Djna.nosys=true` is required.
It would be much better if we can turn this on programmatically in sbt code.

- Make sbt package object forwarder lazy.

Potentially we can fork / shade JNA.

### Java 9



### IO yak

Adding Try would cause the number of method to grow to 9 (because of set and copy).
Until sbt 2 when we deprecate, let's just:

1. Deprecate the throwy sets.
2. Add 0L-returning ones: getModifiedTimeOrZero, setModifiedTimeOrFalse
3. Undeprecate copyLastModified.

### 0.13.17

- Backport clean patch (Dale's gonna do it)
- Sebastian reported compiler plugin bug (publish using 1.x and consume using 0.13) Filter out bad classifier and/or types.
 
### Zinc PRs

- Reach out to Center Zinc team for PR reviews.
- classpath PR is ready for review.

### CI for real

Dale: Keep 1.1.x and 1.x in sync automatically?
Eugene: I am ok with that.

Think about process in place that could start 2.x without creating debt.

Eugene: At this point, I am more interested in increasing data point via community repo.

### 1.x migration

Scalafix change was assigned to Virtus team, but they are on a break now.

In the meantime, we could start moving some manually.
