# 2017-12-06

## Agenda

- 1.1.0
- 1.0.5?
- regressions
- 0.13.17
- 1.x migration

### Attenddees

- Eugene Yokota @ Lightbend
- Dale Wijnand @ Lightbend
- Justin Kaeser @ JetBrains
- Toni Cunei @ Lightbend

## 1.1.0

- server log level is now fixed
- initial warning about log4j is still pending

Other regressions targeting 1.0.x would be merged in for RC-2.

### 1.1.x branch

This is for 1.1.0-RC series and later 1.1.x patches (1.1.1 etc).
1.0.x branch will be deleted once 1.1.0 ships.

### should we create 1.0.5?

Some bug fixes each of us are working on:

- Millisecond fix
- PositionImpl (Java compilation NPE fix)
- `~` fix

Dale: let's put them into 1.1.x and release RC-2 to have single train of releases.

Unless there's an emergency patch (customer or community report that blocks an ongoing development), we will not do 1.0.5.

### Millisecond fix

Dale, Eugene, Toni: Millisecond fix should go through RC.

JNA uses reflection. Is that a concern?

```scala
val t0 = getCurrentSystemTime
val x = getMilli
val t1 = getCurrentSystemTime - t0

val t2 = getCurrentSystemTime
val x2 = File#lastModified
val t3 = getCurrentSystemTime - t2
```

The built-in is 2 micro second, whereas the new implementation is 7 micro s.

### PositionImpl

We can retarget to 1.1.x.

### `~` fixes

There was a PR, and it was merged in IO. Merge 1.0.x to 1.1.x.
We can move that to RC-2 as well.

### sbt-release broke

Yoshida-san reported that sbt-release got broken on sbt 1.1.0-RC1 due its use of internal KeyIndex. At this point, no actions are needed on sbt's side.

### Contraband update

case x => should now be case _ => when unused.
https://github.com/sbt/contraband/pull/108
A new contraband release is needed.

### ivy.xml contains -source

sbt 1.0.4 puts the `-sources.jar` and `-docs.jar` in the `compile` config in `ivy.xml` #3784.

We should work on this fix since it's a contaminating bug. Should someone release a plugin X using sbt 1 to an Ivy repo they'd need a re-release.

### 0.13.17

Postpone until someone complains.

## 1.x migration

We want to have 60 community build projects on sbt 1.

https://github.com/scalameta/scalameta/issues/1157
Scalafix does not support `build.sbt` on sbt 1? The work that's been done for sbt 0.13 should be ported.

https://github.com/scalacenter/scalafix/pull/469 is just for the plugin.

We can follow what we did for sbt plugins. Make wiki page sorted by GitHub stars,
and start converting some, and encourage others to participate.
