## agenda

- sbt 1.3.0-RC1

## sbt 1.3.0-RC1

sbt 1.3.0-RC1 is released.

### metaspace issues

heap resource leakage, potentially caused by Scala compiler's Global holding on to Zip files references (15MB).

https://github.com/sbt/sbt/issues/4686
`+test` on https://github.com/limansky/beanpuree causes

```
java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: Metaspace
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.defineClass1(Native Method)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.defineClass(ClassLoader.java:763)
	at java.security.SecureClassLoader.defineClass(SecureClassLoader.java:142)
	at java.net.URLClassLoader.defineClass(URLClassLoader.java:468)
```

Many other projects can cause this.

Ethan's diagnosis:
It's in native memory, so it's difficult to diagnose.
There might be misunderstanding around `-XX:MaxMetaSpace`. PermGen was heap for classloader (?). By default MaxMetaSpace is unlimited.
There doesn't seem to be significant memory usage difference between sbt 1.2.8 vs 1.3.0-RC1. JVM itself asks for GB of allocation when it starts up.

One of the potentially relevant changes.

- test-interface flip. Moving this logic to launcher mitigated a little bit.
- classloader cache? That did not seem to matter. Using Flat doesn't fix. Flushing the cache would help heap, but not the metaspace.

https://blogs.oracle.com/poonam/about-g1-garbage-collector,-permanent-generation-and-metaspace

> In JDK 8, classes metadata is now stored in the native heap and this space is called Metaspace.

Maybe it's O(n) to the JAR size or the classes that are used?

https://github.com/sbt/sbt-launcher-package/blob/a85b486b4c4545dd1beabd39cf51321545bc57e1/src/universal/bin/sbt#L140

```
  local codecache=$(( $mem / 8 ))
  (( $codecache > 128 )) || codecache=128
  (( $codecache < 512 )) || codecache=512
  local class_metadata_size=$(( $codecache * 2 ))
```

We might just remove `-XX:MaxMetaspaceSize`, or replace with `-XX:MetaspaceSize=N`?

One bright side is that we are now looking into classloader cache:
https://github.com/sbt/zinc/pull/674

Caffeine you can evict based on size. However, if you lose reference, you can no longer close.
Ethan's new cache idea.
First create URLClassLoader, than make a blank URLClassLoader whose is the actual ClassLoader. Two maps:
1. classpath -> SoftReference (to blank one)
2. classpath -> ClassLoader

When you load class, you use the blank one.
When the SoftReference is cleared, you can run a background thread to actually close out the real URLClassLoader. When the SoftReference is collected, it's gone, so Caffeine's onRemove becomes useless.

### test resources

https://github.com/sbt/sbt/issues/4714
Zinc classloader cache has timestamp.
We might be able to create a blank ClassLoader for resources.

### FSEvents

FSEvents is fragile, so some other libraries can break it.
Some libraries create listener for each directory, but you shouldn't because it's meant to be recursive. Swoval will try to create least amount. DirectoryWatcher (https://github.com/gmethvin/directory-watcher) do not do this, and it could cause crash, and it's not fixable by sbt.
