## attendees

Dale Wijnand, Ethan Atkins, Eugene Yokota

## agenda

* shutdown hook for watch (use case https://github.com/playframework/playframework/pull/10001)
* Coursier classpath order https://github.com/coursier/sbt-coursier/pull/178
* Zinc status
* scripted runfromsourcemain

### watch

Dale:

- Play's run (dev mode) eagerly starts the server but the app is lazily compiled. Any saving of file doesn't do anything. Refresh does out-of-graph compilation.
- Under Plya's `~run` things get eagerly compiled. As soon as file is saved, the apps are compiled and server is restarted.

Play's `~run` behavior broke in sbt 1.3.x.

1. Play wants to do some cleanup on quit.
2. There might be some code that needs to run between "~" runs
3. How do I do this in sbt 1.3.x AND sbt 1.2.x?

Ethan:

- There's a callback for stuff that runs before watch subsystem run, at the very end etc.

Both under `~run` and `run`, Play watches files on its own, and it is aware of the fact that it's under `~run`.

Dale: Current problem is that during `~run` file change doesn't trigger restart. https://github.com/playframework/playframework/issues/9983#issuecomment-574801920

sbt's watcher: task, watch, task, watch, task.

Ethan: ugly hack might be overriding `~` command.
Eugene: define alias called `~run`.
Dale: See https://github.com/playframework/playframework/pull/10001/files?w=1. The curent workaround is detect sbt version in `run` and change the behavior.

Whenever we use custom datatype in new keys, that prevents use from older sbt.

Ethan: This behavior of watching in the background may make it into sbt in the future.

Todo for Dale: Look into watchOnTermination.
Put mutable state in singleton object otherwise?


### Coursier classpath order

https://github.com/coursier/sbt-coursier/pull/178

Apache Ivy sorts the result topologically. Current Coursier does not by default.
Currently the scripted is failing on coursier.

Ethan: scrpted behavior difference could be introduced by the way classloader is created.

Eugene: There may be duplicate reference.conf coming from different JARs (Akka vs Play).

Dale: I hesitated to report https://github.com/sbt/sbt/issues/5282, because classpath ordering should never matter. But retronym's suggestion is that even if this is philosophically "wrong" it's not worth it to fight this change in the behavior for the next 5 years.

Eugene: Typesafe Config appends configuration based on the classpath ordering, so it's Typesafe Config + sbt feature interference.

Ethan: sbt could provide something like "provided" where only one JAR must be selected based on some setting.

### New scripted

https://github.com/sbt/sbt/pull/5367 just got merged.

`sbt.Package$` bug was likely the behavior difference between directory classpath vs JAR classpath.

"class" `xMain#run` as opposed to `xMain.run` creates layered ClassLoader.

```
final class xMain extends xsbti.AppMain {
  def run(configuration: xsbti.AppConfiguration): xsbti.MainResult =
    new XMainConfiguration().run("xMain", configuration)
}
```

Dale:

- Why is publishLocalBin still required? 
  - metabuild resolution is still required.
  - During scripted should have no library resolution. This includes plugins. There shouldn't be hack required to pass through SNAPSHOT version number of plugins.

### recap from last week's launcher discussion

To unify sbt/launcher, sbt/launcher-package, we could re-implement both using a single pure Java app that does the commandline parsing and launching of sbt.

How many JVMs?
- resolver
- thin client
- launcher of the server

One requirement should be that the build is repeatable even if you boot up the machine in ten years.

Ethan: one goal: hide implementation details as much as possible.

